hey guys what's up so this is just a
really random video this video was about
some comments I received on my my
relationship advice
four minute video okay so maybe a week
and a half ago I got some some comments
on that video and when I first saw these
comments I was dying laughing like I was
just cracking up because the Communists
were just so off the wall like I just
felt like that was my first reaction
just to laugh so the second thing I
wanted to do was cut this person out
because I thought what they came and me
the completely the complete wrong way
but since I know I had young uns who
watched my video and they tell me that
they look up to me I didn't want to take
the wretched route so I just even though
in real life I would have cut this
person out but I just delete the
comments and I just blocked the person
but the comments this person left and I
don't know if it was a man or woman
excuse me the comments that love or that
calls me a dyke they said basically um
that it was clear that I was gay and
that I should just you know come out
come out of the closet because I'm not
fooling anybody they said oh she's not
gay and I'm not black and and they said
oh but she's pretty for a lesbian
whatever that means so the first to read
these comments like I said I was
cracking up and it just sounds like this
person is really bitter like it's one
thing to ask me like hey are you a
lesbian it's nothing to try to to the
roll that off on me like you just know
me so matter-of-factly but um it sounds
like this person you know has some
baggage maybe your game maybe you're
Lindsay and maybe you're hiding in the
closet and you feel some type of way so
you want to vote that off armies who I
don't know like I don't know people do
that sometimes I just feel like um
there's you know nothing wrong with
lesbians I'm personally not a lesbian
and for this person to come at me like
that I just found it really funny people
really think they know people really
think they know about your life and what
you do and all that stuff and it's kind
of creepy because I just feel like why
are you so invested in what I have going
on in my personal life like this you
know for you to make all the comments
yeah well it was ooh it was just really
weird to me so yeah but like I said in
other videos I've gotten this question
before throughout my life if I'm asking
if I'm a lesbian or not because I don't
know it's because you know I played ball
growing up I really didn't start talking
to two guys until like I turned 16 years
old my really good friends are lesbians
and I don't know if people associate me
being a lesbian because you know I'm
with them but I'm not giving up my I'm
not giving up my friends because people
you know think I'm a lesbian like if you
think I'm a lesbian you're just think
I'm a lesbian like my homegirls been
there for me like for like over ten
years so I'm sticking with them it is
what it is and yeah and on top of that
I'm a tomboy and I'm not that that
before like um like half time boy half
girly you know I'm a good mixture of the
two I like to get really cute some days
and some days or I just like to be
really fine
and in sweats and basketball stuffing
that's this how high my units that's how
I've always been I'm 24 years old and
this is how I've always been so that's
not gonna change about me but this video
is really for people I've had people
write me and tell me no they want to
make youtube videos but they're scared
of how other people might look at them
or what they might think about them but
people will always have their own
perceptions of you and that's fine I
mean they can do that I mean if
everybody in the world was to think I'm
a LESBIAN they can do that but I know at
the end of the day I have a man I go
home to so I'm not really even losing
sleep over this but Ellen's just no you
just have to be yourself I would never
change the way I am just to you know
make somebody else happy or make them
think differently like I'm me you know
I'm I don't want to be anybody else but
into you and then the best me that I can
be I don't want to be anybody else I
don't want to have to live a lot if I
wants to be a lesbian trust me girls
come in me all the time I'm talking
about
the feminine ones I'm talking about the
studs you know I'm not gonna be walking
in the tub I have girls you know
grabbing on me I've had them you know
right now Facebook you know I've had you
know plenty of situations you know I
could have been I could have been
talking to females if I wanted that you
know what I mean but that's just that's
bonsly just not my cup of tea so I'm I
know this is crazy with some people
right you know nowadays and also for
this person to be like you're pretty for
unless being as if there are no pretty
lesbians like I know plenty of pretty
lesbians
I feel like I've never said lesbian so
many times in my life but yeah I know
plenty
pretty lesbians so that you know there's
always the people with no picture no
type of profile you know so I can't I
can't even tell you what I think of you
boobs because you don't you don't even
have a pick up you know what I mean but
hopefully you find some type of love or
some type of life or you won't have to
go around you know harassing people and
accusing them of things because like I
said it's one thing for people to had to
ask me if I'm gay and I can say no but
it's another thing for them to just like
use me and tell me that hey come out of
the closet I'm dying if this is just
oxides and stuff like that it's just
really like I said I just have a really
funny but the best advice I can give is
just be you I feel like that's the best
thing you can ever do is just accept
yourself for who you are and I'm right
out with that you know because even if
you're upsetting everybody in the world
you can be happy with yourself you know
what I mean so um yeah like I said I
just found these comments funny and
that's really that's really it for this
video guys so I'll talk to ya later
peace